Spring classes announcement work in progress (#229)
SFPC/sfpc.github.io: participate.md

  - "/static/img/participate/sum2016_notes.jpg"
---

## Upcoming

Announced on April 27,2020

> Due to the COVID-19 outbreaks, the School for Poetic Computation is offering classes for online, remote learning for the first time. Each class is lead by one of our core teachers. Apply now as the space is limited. Also, please support our fundraiser on [GoFundMe](https://gofundme.com/help-the-school-for-poetic-comptuation) to help us transition to online programs. We will announce summer/fall 2020 programs in mid-May. Sign up to our mailing list to get the latest updates. We will be announcing more short form workshops for spring/summer 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the covid-19 outbreaks, the School for Poetic Computation is offering classes for online, remote learning for the first time. Each class is lead by one of our core teachers. Apply now as the space is limited. Also, please support our fundraiser on [GoFundMe](https://gofundme.com/help-the-school-for-poetic-comptuation) to help us transition to online programs. We will announce summer/fall 2020 programs in mid-May. Sign up to our mailing list to get the latest updates. We will be announcing more short form workshops for spring/summer 2020.
```

### Recreating the Past (online)

> Ten weeks class by Zach Lieberman starting in May. Study computational art from the past decades and recreate these works with contemporary techniques to gain aesthetic, analytical and technical knowledge. [More information](/recreatingthepast-spring2020/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 10-week class by Zach Lieberman, starting in May. Study computational art from decades past, and recreate these works with contemporary techniques to gain aesthetic, analytical and technical knowledge. [More information](/recreatingthepast-spring2020/)
```

### Dark Matters (online)

> Ten weeks online class by American Artist starting in May. We will consider the racialized history of surveillance and the positioning of white as neutral within interfaces as forms of violence enacted through high technology. We will discuss in small groups, large discussions, and one-on-one how we all can use computational systems to create change while holding them accountable for their origins and biases. [More information](/darkmatters-spring2020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 10-week online class by American Artist starting in May. We will consider the racialized history of surveillance and the positioning of white as neutral within interfaces as forms of violence enacted through high technology. We will discuss in small groups, large discussions, and one-on-one how we all can use computational systems to create change while holding them accountable for their origins and biases. [More information](/darkmatters-spring2020)
```

### Poetic Hardware (online)

> Ten weeks class by CW&T starting in June. Learn computational hardware as a way to engage with the physical world and broaden our creative practices. Learn to make analog + digital electronics, a programmable micro-controller, sensors and mechanisms. [More information](/poetichardware-spring2020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 10-week online class by CW&T starting in June. Learn computational hardware as a way to engage with the physical world and broaden our creative practices. Learn to make analog + digital electronics, a programmable micro-controller, sensors and mechanisms. [More information](/poetichardware-spring2020)
```

### Digital Love Languages (online)

> Ten weeks class by Melanie Hoff starting in June. Learn to cultivate code as a love language that can be gentle, healing, and intimate. This class is about building poetic tools for online communion through a re-introduction to computers and a call to action for expanding computation’s capacity for fostering interdependence and creative expression. [More information](/digitallove-spring2020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 10-week online class by Melanie Hoff, starting in June. Learn to cultivate code as a love language that can be gentle, healing, and intimate. This class is about building poetic tools for online communion through a re-introduction to computers and a call to action for expanding computation’s capacity for fostering interdependence and creative expression. [More information](/digitallove-spring2020)
```

### Artist Statement Workshop (online)

> Five weeks class by Celine Katzman starting in June. This workshop offers a combination of practical writing and critical thinking skills. Enrollment is open to anyone including artists, designers, creative technologists, engineers, architects, and others whose practices are difficult to define. [More information](/artiststatement-spring2020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 5-week class by Celine Katzman, starting in June. This workshop offers a combination of practical writing and critical thinking skills. Enrollment is open to anyone including artists, designers, creative technologists, engineers, architects, and others whose practices are difficult to define. [More information](/artiststatement-spring2020)
```

### Teaching as Art (online)

> Ten weeks online class by Taeyoon Choi starting in June. This class is for artists and technologists who want to teach. The class is also for teachers who want to advance their art and pedagogy. Students will learn about applying creative processes to teaching. Students will read about the history of artists in and out of academic institutions, Black Mountain College, Socially Engaged Art, as well as more recent experiments in Alternative Education. [More information](/teachingasart-spring2020)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 10-week online class by Taeyoon Choi, starting in June. This class is for artists and technologists who want to teach. The class is also for teachers who want to advance their art and pedagogy. Students will learn about applying creative processes to teaching. Students will read about the history of artists in and out of academic institutions, Black Mountain College, Socially Engaged Art, as well as more recent experiments in Alternative Education. [More information](/teachingasart-spring2020)
```

---

## Past programs  

> SFPC classes are typically structured around the following concepts: Computation and artistic practice, Language design as creative practice, Electronics and physical computing, Theory and philosophy for technology, and Code Poetry (Electronic literature and generatie poetry). The idea behind these interconnected topics is to build on SFPC’s core curriculum by exploring common ground where we can take the ideas developed in our classroom into the streets and studio. We offer a variety of programs including full time classes, short workshops, conferences and exhibitions. Here are some of our recent programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SFPC classes are typically structured around the following concepts: computation and artistic practice, language design as creative practice, electronics and physical computing, theory and philosophy of technology, and code poetry (electronic literature and generative poetry). The idea behind these interconnected topics is to build on SFPC’s core curriculum by exploring common ground where we can take the ideas developed in our classroom to the streets and to the studio. We offer a variety of programs including full time classes, short workshops, conferences and exhibitions. Here are some of our recent programs.
```

### Creative Coding Bootcamp

[More information](https://sfpc.io/apr20bootcamponline/)

### Critical Writing Workshop

> One week class by Joanne McNeil. [More information](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/critical-writing-workshop-tickets-87741305607)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 1-week class by Joanne McNeil. [More information](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/critical-writing-workshop-tickets-87741305607)
```

### Poetic Computation: 7 years of SFPC

> We are excited to announce [Poetic Computation: 7 years of SFPC](https://sevenyears/) an exhibition at the Westbeth Gallery, NYC. January 11 - January 23, 2020. Opening January 16, 6pm. The exhibition, created with volunteer efforts, will feature projects by our teachers and alums. Public programs to be announced. Mark your calendar!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Poetic Computation: 7 years of SFPC](https://sevenyears/) was an exhibition at the Westbeth Gallery, NYC. January 11 - January 23, 2020. Opening January 16, 6pm. The exhibition, created with volunteer efforts, featured projects by our teachers and alumni, as well as public events including panel discussions events and live performances.
```

### What is expected of me?

> Acceptance into the session is an invitation to join the SFPC community. If you take our classes, we expect you to follow SFPC Code of Conduct. It’s also expected that you work openly – sharing what you learn along the way and collaborate with your peers. The success of the session for the group is dependent on engaged participation throughout the term. By participating you will be actively shaping an emerging culture of open source and transparent education.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Acceptance into the session is an invitation to join the SFPC community. If you take our classes, we expect you to follow SFPC's [code of conduct](https://github.com/SFPC/codeofconduct/blob/master/README.md). It’s also expected that you work openly, sharing what you learn along the way, and collaborating with your peers. The success of the session for the group is dependent on engaged participation throughout the term. By participating you will be actively shaping an emerging culture of open source and transparent education.
```

@tchoi8 do you think we should link to the code of conduct here?
